0:00 - Robert Scoble
So let's talk about lists. Today I want to talk to Brayden about the AI community lists. These are lists of small accounts. They're all researchers or developers in the AI community. They all have fewer than 20,000 followers. Which is why I say they're small accounts. And what I noticed is that there's a lot of value in these lists for an AI system to learn about the state of the art of the AI world. These people regularly share AI white papers or talks or articles that describe the latest in the AI world, the artificial intelligence world. They also are really good at re-sharing news from around the AI world. So if a bigger account Shares some news and it resonates with the developers and the researchers They'll often share it with their own comments The one thing I think is going to be a high value for an AI like LaVange Labs AI agents to scour these lists for is particularly the papers and other new things that are shared on these lists. I would look for things that have just released or new. In fact, let me pull up one of these lists. Start going through it. Launching. Launch. Excited to share. It's a good place to find events as well. Everybody's talking about NIPS this week. In other words, I'm attending, I'm speaking, I'm presenting. Back to released, just released. Keywords, great work. Happy with how this thing turned out. Excited to back, which is a investment. Feedback. That's a surprise which usually is followed by some context of something new. They often are doing Introducing is a keyword I'm seeing. Is hard. So like this guy just said, training LLMs is hard. Goes into why. They often share when systems are down like AWS is down. Update is a keyword I'm seeing a lot. If somebody's going to an event they'll say come meet, or excited to present, or launching a Excited to be listed in. Strong models. This is super cool. Want to meet, is a step change, is hiring for hiring positions so you can track which companies or which people are hiring and for what kinds of positions, we're at, I just saw a post that says we're at NeurIPS 2026 with papers, posters, workshops, fireside chats, so it tells you more context about what they're doing at an event. Incredibly proud. Share this work, which tells you new work just got What's missing and then I followed up with Context about what's missing in something so you can do market research Holy shit Followed by news that anthropic is the Acquiring bun and then says this is the best acquisition I've seen in a long time Thrilled to share that we're launching So that tells you there's somebody sharing Incredible write-up that tells you that somebody put a lot of effort into a white paper or something like that excited to announce that I'll be presenting and then followed with what they're presenting on so you can track who's presenting new things and then follow up and see what they're presenting giving a talk. Anytime you see that word in a post, you know that they're talking at an event and what they're talking about. We'll present a spotlight poster. So this, the posters are what the AI community does to share new research with other people at events. So if you see a poster P-O-S-T-E-R that that's probably signaling that there's a new idea being discussed or a new kind of technology. Super cool on a share tells you that that person that something is very cool and then you have to read what they're sharing to understand what is super cool and put it in a category strongly recommend yet another keyword that people use to say that something's very important Read the announcement. Again, denotes that there's an announcement of something new. Introducing, followed by, in this case, Mistral AI is introducing the Mistral 3 family of models. Very key to know that somebody or some company just introduced something. Meet the researchers tells you that a session is coming. Very important if it also is being live streamed if you can figure that out. If you'll want to watch those videos or read the reports from that session. Excited about denotes again that there's something interesting. X is the first. That's really key to know that something is really novel or new. Breaking. Anytime you see a post that says braking in this case AWS just launched in 3DM3 AI chip that tells you something. Is breaking, news breaking. Officially launching today, another way that people are launching things. Announcing our new work, another one. A huge step forward for a ton of, is a keyword I'm seeing or a set of keywords I'm seeing to say this is really important and should be paid attention to. Our new benchmark, again an announcement kind of post. I have a great essay. It tells you that there's probably a link for that you should read and analyze. Just dropping today is another way to say something new just dropped. Try it now is a probably denotes a post has some new link to a new piece of software, a new service. Big news, another way to denote that a is about news. Hiring, again we're seeing that a lot of people are talking about hiring and it's followed by jobs or roles or internships or different ways people can get hired. We are excited to announce today is now available. Big news today. These are all ways. If you see the letters WTF, that denotes somebody was highly surprised by something. Well worth reading. A post that says, Insane but cool nonetheless, tells you something was very, a piece of news was surprising and gives you context. If somebody says I'm currently on the industry job market or I'm on the job market, that tells you that they're looking for a job. Would be helpful to hook people up with people who are hiring. If you see the letters S-O-T-A, that means state of the art, so achieving SOTA on open optimization problems tells you that there was a breakthrough in that particular technology. If you see our paper was accepted that means that that paper or that idea was given credibility by a profession by a conference or a journal if somebody says or a company says meat followed by a product name that might mean that there's a new a new product or a new technology. If somebody says we are dropping followed by a product name or a company that tells you that they just shipped something new. If you see something that means that a company just got acquired. If you see the words is amazing either applied to a product or a company or a person that tells you to pay extra attention to that. You see the words to learn about? That means that either there's a conference session or a paper that has learning that people should look for deeply researched report if somebody says thank you for the excellent deeply researched report that tells you that that report has extra weight over other reports. Somebody says this is really cool. That denotes that whatever is being shared has that person's attention so that would probably be something worth reading more about. Paying more attention to. Anytime you see the word new, new from, that tells you something just got announced. If you see the keywords thrilled to be at, that followed by conference name that tells you that that conference has some social standing and it's probably a worthy conference to pay attention to. Happy to chat about, again that probably means they're at a conference and they want to meet people to talk about a specific topic. You could probably gather all the people who speaking at a conference on different topics and gather them together in topics. Make a new system to hook people up. If you see something like We Launched the First, that's important to pay attention to as a novel idea. Impressive is a keyword I just saw which shared a that is pretty cool start building on means that there's a new thing that a new technology that developers can use to build something with. Is scoring higher on benchmarks or anything about benchmarks is probably worth paying attention to because that tells you a new model came out and has moved up the benchmarks on hugging face. Is now available. Another way to tell people that something new just came out. If you see are amazing or is amazing that's a denoter that something is worth paying extra attention to. Incredibly proud. People use that a lot to say, hey, I'm really proud to speak at a conference, or I'm really proud to launch something new with a group of people, or I'm really proud of being part of a company that just shipped something amazing. Something like that. Career opportunities is a keyword I see people using for sharing jobs new ones like a wave of new ones which denotes a trend One of the best is a set of words that I see to denote something new has come along and has moved near the top of the charts. I see the best used to denote, you know, things that are State-of-the-art top of the charts. Just dropped. Again, is a keyword I saw for denoting something new just shipped. Stock market moves or crypto moves, jumps, is a keyword I saw. Like Bitcoin jumps 6%. That's worth paying attention to because that tells you something either moved up a list or something went up in price or something went up in reputation. Insightful thread tells you that there's a bunch of comments underneath a post. Excited to announce. Finally published. Tells you a new thing just got published in a journal or at a conference. Stoked. Is a key word STOKEB tells you that some Startup to build tells you there might be a company there that just came out We're definitely back tells you something changed changed the world or changed how a person looks at an industry or Yeah, an industry or a group. New preprint. New preprint tells you that a new paper just shipped. You should probably read that paper and understand it. Honored to share, same thing. We are excited to announce new announcement. Anytime you see the word democratizing that could be a a denotion of a disruptive system that is bringing new capabilities to the world and spreading it to people who were not included before. Very good tells you something is worthy to pay attention to. Thrilled to introduce tells you a new thing just got introduced by somebody. We're launching another keyword to say hey there's a new thing that just got launched. This panel is today or this panel tells you a session is upcoming on a topic Happening now is another way to denote that something is happening right now like a live stream or a conference session Or a discussion on X audio spaces Check out and then followed by some product name tells you hey, there's something new to check out. Here's a post, great to have a person joining as this company's SVP, tells you that a hiring event just happened. Might be worth to track those on a newsletter or in a database. We're live followed by what's what's live that tells you a live stream is happening. We'll have a paper tells you that somebody is trying to have a session or is having a session at a conference and it's going to discuss a paper and it's usually followed by things about the paper. Want early access. That'll tell you that and that they're taking signups for early access. That also could be a sign up for a waitlist, sign up to get more news, stuff like that. Out. Introducing again. Introducing followed by things about a product anyways that's that's a good enough set of terms
